Make Your Mark at Ipsos



Join our NextGen BHT (Brand Health Tracking) team and be part of the transformative journey in revolutionising brand monitoring and brand marketing decision-making through advanced data science techniques. With your technical expertise, problem-solving skills, and excellent proficiency in Python, using Jupyter Notebooks and / or Google Colab, you will make a valuable contribution to our clients' brand success.



What is in it for you?



This is a fantastic opportunity for a Data Scientist seeking to work on an exciting new product and wanting to widen their exposure to new technology and products in Market research.

We offer a collaborative and innovative work environment where your contributions will be valued, and you will have opportunities for professional growth and development.
Continuously learning and growing by leveraging guidance and mentorship from the Lead Data Scientist, fostering your professional development.


The Role:



We are looking for a talented and motivated Data Scientist to join our NextGen BHT data science team in the global BHT service line at Ipsos. As a key member of the team, you will work alongside our team of Data Scientists and data engineers, with guidance from our head of modelling and product manager, playing a crucial role in developing predictive modelling, synthetic data and other advanced analytics tools using Python and R (primary in Jupyter Notebooks and colab) to support business decision-making and brand monitoring.



Collaborating with the Lead Data Scientists and cross-functional teams to develop and implement predictive modelling and advanced brand analytics tools using Python and R.
Contributing to the development of new product features, working closely with the Head of Modelling, Lead Data Scientists and the broader team.
Participating in agile development processes, delivering high-quality results within designated deadlines.
Continuously learning and growing by leveraging guidance and mentorship from the Lead Data Scientist, fostering your professional development.
Effectively communicating to convey complex concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Applying respondent level analytics to survey data, testing and refining synthetic data methods, and / or in building timeseries econometric models in relation to solving brand and marketing questions.


About you:



The successful candidate will bring

A technical degree, with a focus on data science or statistics.
Solid experience in data science, ideally in Market research or related role
Advanced coding in Python and R.
Solid knowledge of statistical analysis and machine learning techniques.
Proficiency in Python and experience using Jupyter Notebooks and / or colab for data analysis and modelling.
Experience in applying respondent level analytics to survey data, and / or in building timeseries econometric models. Ideally in relation to solving brand and marketing questions.
Strong problem-solving and critical-thinking skills.
Effective communication skills to convey complex concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.


Benefits:



We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to support you as an individual. Our standard benefits include 25 days annual leave, pension contribution, income protection and life assurance. In addition, there are a range of health & wellbeing, financial benefits and professional development opportunities.



We realise you may have commitments outside of work and will consider flexible working applications - please highlight what you are looking for when you make your application. We have a hybrid approach to work and ask people to be in the office or with clients for 3 days per week.



We are committed to equality, treating people fairly, promoting a positive and inclusive working environment and ensuring we have diversity of people and views. We recognise that this is important for our business success - a more diverse workforce will enable us to better reflect and understand the world we research and ultimately deliver better research and insight to our clients. We are proud to be a member of the Disability Confident scheme, certified as Level 2 Disability Confident Employer. We are dedicated to providing an inclusive and accessible recruitment process.

